README.md, before:

# Log in to a container registry
Use this GitHub Action to [log in to a private container registry](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/) such as [Azure Container registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-registry/). Once login is done, the next set of actions in the workflow can perform tasks such as building, tagging and pushing containers.

```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: '<login server>' # default: index.docker.io
    username: '<username>'
    password: '<password>'
```
Refer to the action metadata file for details about all the inputs: [action.yml](https://github.com/Azure/docker-login/blob/master/action.yml)

## Logging in to multiple registries
To log in to multiple registries, simply run this action several times with different credentials; they will accumulate.

```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: contoso.azurecr.io
    username: ${{ secrets.ACR_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.ACR_PASSWORD }}
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: index.docker.io
    username: ${{ secrets.DOCKERIO_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.DOCKERIO_PASSWORD }}
- run: |
    docker pull contoso.azurecr.io/private/image:latest
    docker pull private/image:latest
```

## You can build and push container registry by using the following example
```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: contoso.azurecr.io
    username: ${{ secrets.REGISTRY_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.REGISTRY_PASSWORD }}

- run: |
    docker build . -t contoso.azurecr.io/k8sdemo:${{ github.sha }}
    docker push contoso.azurecr.io/k8sdemo:${{ github.sha }}
```

### Prerequisite
Get the username and password of your container registry and create secrets for them. For Azure Container registry refer to **admin [account document](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-authentication#admin-account)** for username and password.

Now add the username and password as [a secret](https://developer.github.com/actions/managing-workflows/storing-secrets/) in the GitHub repository.

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Add specific instructions for login-server

README.md, after:

# Log in to a container registry
Use this GitHub Action to [log in to a private container registry](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/) such as [Azure Container registry](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-registry/). Once login is done, the next set of actions in the workflow can perform tasks such as building, tagging and pushing containers.

```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: '<login server>' # default: index.docker.io
    username: '<username>'
    password: '<password>'
```
Refer to the action metadata file for details about all the inputs: [action.yml](https://github.com/Azure/docker-login/blob/master/action.yml)

When using the docker-login action, ensure your login-server matches the fully qualified path to your image. You should omit login-server if you are pushing to the default docker hub without a host prefix, for instance, `docker push repo/image`. You'll need to specify a login-server if you are using the fully qualified path: `docker push index.docker.io/repo/image`. 

## Logging in to multiple registries
To log in to multiple registries, simply run this action several times with different credentials; they will accumulate.

```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: contoso.azurecr.io
    username: ${{ secrets.ACR_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.ACR_PASSWORD }}
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: index.docker.io
    username: ${{ secrets.DOCKERIO_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.DOCKERIO_PASSWORD }}
- run: |
    docker pull contoso.azurecr.io/private/image:latest
    docker pull private/image:latest
```

## You can build and push container registry by using the following example
```yaml
- uses: azure/docker-login@v1
  with:
    login-server: contoso.azurecr.io
    username: ${{ secrets.REGISTRY_USERNAME }}
    password: ${{ secrets.REGISTRY_PASSWORD }}

- run: |
    docker build . -t contoso.azurecr.io/k8sdemo:${{ github.sha }}
    docker push contoso.azurecr.io/k8sdemo:${{ github.sha }}
```

### Prerequisite
Get the username and password of your container registry and create secrets for them. For Azure Container registry refer to **admin [account document](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-registry/container-registry-authentication#admin-account)** for username and password.

Now add the username and password as [a secret](https://developer.github.com/actions/managing-workflows/storing-secrets/) in the GitHub repository.

# Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
